#THINGS TO IMPROVE

* Reign in your inner monster

* Your stress handling. You sigh very loudly, it clouds your mind, you complain to people. You honestly try hard for other people to notice your stress/exhaustion. Why? What do you win out of that?.... *That amazing feeling of being acknowledged and cared for....maybe I didn't receive enough of that as a child?* ok, that is fair... Do you think it is healthy in any way? Or would you rather not depend on anyone but yourself to take care of you and to recognize how hard you have worked? Or can you think of better ways to communicate that you are exhausted and stressed? *Yes but Fer will not take that nicely, she will ask me wether I think she is not exhausted too* And is that your problem or Fer's problem *its both because when she makes it her problem it becomes you problem too* Why? *Because she gets into a mood that is not peaceful and I hate that* ok, fair. How would you solve it then? Cause you acknowledge what you are doing now is not working? *yes* So... what are you gonna do about it? *1.- Don't walk uphill both ways. Dont exagerate and complain. Stop doing that and I promise you will feel much much better. 2.- If by any reason I do feel exhausted to a point where I can't hold it in anymore because I have been giving too much, very respectfully and with a lot of patience, eloquence and maturity, share what you are feeling and a plan of how you would like to fix it. If the plan involves Fer let her know that you would like for her to support you by doing 'x' and 'y'. If she responds negatively, say respectfully: in that case, I need to do 'a' or 'z' instead by myself since in the state I am in I cannot correctly be with you/share with you/ talk to you.


